Notes For 01.03.2022 OOPP Meeting Session:

- We need to explain what we have on our game pages (screens, such as lobby and stuff) like the buttons, the text fields, etc. These should be explained thoroughly, as well as their functions. This should be close in the document to the figures.
- In the evaluators section, we can mention that the people who made our HCI evaluation are CSE students, in Netherlands, 1st year, etc. We should give more detailed information about them. 
- In the HCI evaluation report, we need to mention that the people who evaluated our API, they evaluated it multiple times.
- In the HCI evaluation report, we should give a step by step explanation of how we started developing our API, in a clear algorithm format.
- We should explain the role of the observer on the document.
- The results should not just be shared as a list taken from the evaluations of the other group. Instead, we should be analysing these results, and basically, write each of the results in terms of one of the 10 user heuristics. Also, in the result section, we must include a graph about the impact evaluation. 
- Add more sentences to the conclusion.
- In terms of GitLab habits, we are going well, we are using all the stuff, such as the weights, the comments, the milestones, etc.
- Each one of us should make one merge request until Friday, from now on in all weeks.
- We should start writing unit tests for each method in our project (at least one test per method).
- Deadlines for this week:
-     (04.03.2022): Finish the HCI document. Upload questions to the activity bank. Every activity has to be expressed in Watt-Hours. Information Literacy complete, for those who have not.
-     (11.03.2022): Complete the buddy-check.
- We are on track.
- We are going to pull the activities from the activity bank as a JSON array.
- Start with must haveâ€™s, spread them among the group. Adjust the weights well to be able to better share the workload. The idea is, every person completes an issue per week.
- We should assign specific issues to people.
- Use path parameters instead of path variables, because it is more professional. It is with a question mark, and & and stuff like that.
- Backend team:
-     Zanyar
-     Efe
-     Arpad
- Frontend team: (Basically this week, add the screens and interfaces that are missing, such as the single player interface, improve design)
-     Vladimir
-     Vlad
-     Simon
- Players should be able to create a lobby, and choose which lobby they are going to join. We should have something like a game code thing, players will write down the game code and click and join that game.  

