Git: 

\* The repository is our playground 
\* Be careful with merges! 
\*Way out: 
		soft reset/hard reset 
\* Suggestion: 
		make backups 
\* Assign issues to yourself 
\* Merge locally, not remotely

Teamwork: 

\* Lack of a monitor evaluator in our means we should all
monitor together to our best efforts. Otherwise we fulfill all roles and
balance each other out well as a team.

Deadlines: 

\* Friday (18-02-2022) 
\* Code of Conduct 
\* Backlog 
\*Teamwork assignments 2A and 2B 
\* Have 1 merge request approved - note that this is already done 
\* Next week friday (25-02-2022) 
\* HCI report

For future reference: the secretary should upload the agenda in
Brightspace and on Gitlab. Additionally, they should ping the TA on
Mattermost.

For unofficial meetings, we can keep the same secretary/chairperson.
This needs to change each week, however.

Code of conduct: 

\* Something to refer to as a team should a situation
arise. 
\* Example: what happens if someone is late?

HCI: 

\* Exchange with one other group 
\* Use figma ("it's like paint")

Do research on Gradle and attend the Spring lecture (watch videos)

Suggestions for next meeting: 

\* Adobe â†’ See Discord 
\* Meeting at 18:30 on wednesday 16-02-2022, online on Discord
